We are actually going to change
that now to an AR button in fact.
So it's but
everything else will be the same, and
only instead of the art we
are going to save it as AR.
And because we already had,
added the button now the button itself is
going to just change to AR instead of VR.
We don't have to do anything differently,
remember to run NPM run
NPM dev NPM run dev.
Also, sometimes the problem is when
we change anything on the HTML file,
we have to restart our server because
those changes doesn't get picked up.
And if that's the reason why you should
be able to solve it by
restarting your server.
Right, again we are having
an issue with ARs.
And ART is line 30.
So, I was getting an error if
you just downloaded what I had.
One of the things that we were missing was
a comma inside our mesh Pong material.
We are still adding the VR button but
instead,
I should add the R button and this time,
I will add the optional feature,
which is the hit test.
Sorry, it was an optional feature,
it was a required feature.
So this demo itself is going
to require the hit test,
which is when you see a surface and
you think you can put something on it.
We detect that surface with the hit test.
So that your objects
are not flying around, but
they look like they're in
the actual environments.
Once I fix the button issue now
are both in turn into AR and
it's not supported on this device so
I'm not going to be able to see it there.
But if you go back to your,
devices, inspect devices,
I should be able to open it and
debug it there.
So, if you are able to see this
you few things that you could do,
you can focus on this tab reloaded or
inspected.
It's going back to into a VR
environment although it has it says AR,
so let's take a look at it
where we have the issue.
First thing we did is to
download button which is good,
and we requested attendance
create render and
required feature hits us,
which is also good.
One of the things that we have to do for
AR and VR experiences is to
change request animation frame
to render a set animation loop.
So this is a special function, now 80
of the render for especially with xR.
Most of the normal animations on the web,
they have to run 60 frames per second.
But in the case of xR, usually that's much
higher if you're on
a VR headset that could
be 90 pictures per second or even higher.
So we have to make sure that we use that,
so let's go back to it and refresh it
All right now I am seeing
through the camera that
means that this is an AR experience.
But what is happening is that
my Earth is in this corner and
when I move my camera it
moves with my camera.
So that's not what we want, so
this is where the hits us comes in.
Now we have to find a surface and
make sure that we
are hitting that surface
before we place our 3D model.